hey guys i'm going to be showing you how
to use patches for Walter war ended up
two and one more fair one I you and I
get these to download in the description
um this one's just your normal back off
this one's going to be in a actual full
stuff so you get to find patch that's
where you're going to have all these you
can look them up it's patches right now
you can use this and this app will see
this so you're going to go in here
you're going to do this um you're gonna
use the update well not the update okay
get you kind of get it when this loads
are oh sure it's slow yeah okay um you
can scroll all the way down or you know
you can talk about your whatever it is
I'm not idea before I'm just looking for
end up to so I would have gone and shows
me into two are pretty dumb this is
really like in a form that I know yeah
where it is so yeah you can so that's
better no yeah come on here come here
start this up this is going to load up
but you're also gonna have to hear I'm
making this up see when you get that
peer something you gotta um usually you
have to check back in your case got in
case right here khurana not where you
can open it but where the extra corner
is where it says you know ps3 for June
warfare at and where it has mhm
us underneath that my one says BL es
0068 three so I would choose that type
of update come into this yet echo google
um yeah you do with that you copy and
paste in there you'd have to download
this will not this with you um yeah i'm
going to show you what i do you want to
get a file like this okay this actually
that's complete division okay so are you
going to get this that's what comes up
you come into here there's your patch
you can delete that change it whatever
but first we need to extract the hunger
extract to modesto for the way yeah and
I so though expects it has right here
after that you are going to observe
model this will kind of ah so you know
that you back up my back up sorry up
since I've done this before he laid
packages this this click on this one you
can't bury this one copier this one it
has to be this one and yeah enter a
little catch
it's all right already done so you can
obviously see what's going on there
plaza de and have my patch in it um but
I back to if you guys want me to make a
new one where I could show you
everything if I've done something
incorrectly then I'll making you want to
show you what to do other than that oh
one last thing and that is of gender new
modding tomb and the modding teen was
fooled like layers modding to him be
sure to subscribe to on etc etc just
help us get out there and Ivan like
that's been shifting modding and catch
that